Hey, I'll remember when we installed get and it was this whole process and we really didn't do anything
with it.
Well, we're about to get into it because we just installed Visual Studio Code and because we installed
visual studio code.
What we can do now is we can go through the process of using git.
And so what I want you to do is I want you to go find the folder that you downloaded that you extracted.
Now, over here you can see that I have a bunch of other stuff going on, but I have my focus time folder
over here.
So I'm going to open this focus time folder and I'm going to say openness.
And what's going to happen is Visual Studio Code is going to open all of this code inside of this interface.
And over here you can see all of this weird stuff.
The welcome screen is going to close that we into this focus.
We're going to hyperfocus.
We're going to focus on the left hand side.
Let me enlarge that a bit, a little bit less.
And what we want to look at here is this left hand pane.
We can see our files, we can see our assets, we can see our source files.
We can see all of that stuff.
Here we remember when I said we had all of these icons, will this icon, the third icon, the source
control icon, will this source control icon?
It contains the magic that is needed to utilize, get.
And the reason that I want us to utilize get inside a visual studio code is because we could go ahead
and we could use terminal and we could look like we're powering through the Matrix.
But we really don't need to do that.
I like simple things.
And so the simplest thing we can do here is currently focus time that we downloaded isn't tracked by
get now get is a version control.
Right.
So it's keeping revisions of things.
It's kind of like you going through and saying like, hey, today I did this yesterday, I did this
the day before that I did this.
It's keeping a history of what happened in the past.
Doesn't necessarily know what's going to happen in the future.
It's keeping track of what happened in the past.
So if we hit this button, initialize repository, what's going to happen is you're going to see changes,
19 files, all of them marked with a you, huh?
You, huh?
Untracked entourage's, huh?
OK, so Git is saying, hey, I see all these files.
I see you did all this stuff.
No.
I don't know what it is.
I've never seen these files before, I don't know what you're talking about.
And if we go over here into our explorer, you'll see the exact same thing.
Everything is green suddenly.
Why?
Well, it's all untracked.
Gett has never seen it before.
So what we want to do here is we want to go back into that source control and we can see here that it's
in this changes according so.
And we have the option to either open the file so we can go and open it well, not exist, or we can
open our box and we can kind of go look at like, hey, what's going on here?
We can revert it, which we don't want to discard the changes, we want to keep them usually sometimes
you may want to discard what you did, but you can see the plus sign here, which is stage changes and
stage changes, is nothing more than telling it.
Hey, track this.
Keep track of this.
I need this stuff.
So we'll hit the plus.
And then you can see in stage changes Duchesse came in here and if we hover over the AI, it's added.
So Git is starting to track it, but it it isn't done yet.
So if we press the plus at the accordion level here, stage all changes, all the files are now staged,
staged, meaning that git is in this phase where it's saying like, hey Mo, I know you want me to track
the stuff, but you really got to tell me, what is all of this like, what's going on here?
So it's asking us up here, enter a message.
What kind of message?
What we want to enter a message to tell get.
Hey, this is what's happening here.
Well, since this is our very first one, we'll say initial entry.
This is our first time entering anything into the gate and we'll see commit.
And now everything is tracked by git.
Now, for instance, let's say if I did a console log here and I said YOLO because you only live once,
you know, and that saved well over here, you can see if I refreshed, which it already did.
There's an M and M for modified, and if we click that, you can see now the change between the previous
file and what we changed, very powerful stuff, extremely important that we use this to keep track
of our code and what we changed.
It's very easy to get lost when you have thousands and thousands and thousands of lines of code and
what you changed, where it was change, what happened.
All this stuff is like very confusing.
So this this is the method will be using to keep track of stuff.
And so if I said like here, OK, well, let's track this one.
Let's add it.
It's Stagedoor.
So it's not no longer changed.
It's also changed and staged.
You want it to be in staged before you can add a message, because otherwise it gets going to say like,
well, I don't really know what you want to do here is like if I unstaged innocent changes and I just
said, here, console that log.
Well, it's going to say like cancel the log what you can't really like, what am I going to commit
if I commit?
There are no staged files to commit.
OK, well, let's stage this now.
I can go ahead and commit this.
So get knows that it changed.
Right.
But let's unstaged this and let's revert this because we don't want it now.
Be careful with discarding changes.
Be careful with reverting undoing.
Right.
Careful with this button in general, because once you undo it, you're not getting it back.
It's not happening.
So if we undo it, be very careful with that.
But OK, so now we know how to use it in visual studio code and we understand the benefits of gett.
It's keeping track of stuff.
It's keeping track of where files are, what's happening in the file and all that good stuff.
Super, super important stuff.
Super, super important for us to know how to use it.
Now, we're not going to become power users from day one, but as you continue using it and as you continue
down the path of mastery of react native and all the other technologies out there, you will become
more and more inundated with get super vital tool used across the industry in multiple workplaces everywhere.
All right.
Get super powerful visual studio code, super powerful.
This little tab here, our main interface, forget.